# GAN (PyTorch)
Generative Adverserial Network (PyTorch)

Generative Adversarial Networks a.k.a GANs are emerging techniques that model high dimensional distribution of data. They achieve this by training a pair of networks, Generator and Discriminator, with competing loss terms. As an analogy we can think of these models as an art forger and the other being an art expert. In GAN literature we term Generator as the forger and the duty of the Generator is to produce fake images(forgeries) to deceive the art expert(Discriminator). The Discriminator which receives both the real images and fake images tries to distinguish between them and find the fake images. Both are trained simulataneously and are always in competition with each other. This competition between the Generator and Discriminator drives them to improve their models continuously. The models are trained until the Generator produces the fake images that are indistinguishable from the real images.

In this setup, the Generator does not have access to the real images whereas the Discriminator has access to both the real and the generated fake images.

Let us define Discriminator D that takes image as input and produces a number (0/1) as output and a Generator G that takes random noise as input and outputs a fake image. In practice, G and D are trained alternately i.e., For a fixed generator G, the Discriminator D is trained to classify the training data as real(output a value close to 1) or fake(output a value close to 0). In the next step we freeze the Discriminator and we train the Generator G to produce a image(fake) that outputs a value close to 1(real) when passed through the Discriminator D. Thus, if the Generator is perfectly trained then the Discriminator D will be maximally confused by the images generated by G and predict 0.5 for all the inputs.
